CYKO Technology is a futuristic organization, created by a group of innovative minds, emanating novel ideas, intended to serve people with the best of their capabilities. This organization is currently working on three aspects- video games under the title ”Cyko Games”, a magazine named “Anything & Everything”, and a smart shop called “Sagheera”, of which the magazine has recently been released, and the other two aspects are still being worked upon. Given below is a brief description about the three of them, separately.

“Cyko Games” is an initiative to bring together innovative ideas, concepts, social issues and sustainable development. Here, games are being developed based on the real world incidents. The focus is on merging all the ideas and concepts relevant to the future generation gaming world. The main intention is to minimize the distance between games and gamers; for the sake which, interactive sites are being launched, to attract the gamers, as well as non-gamers; and make people aware of the latest varieties of trends in the gaming world.

“Anything & Everything” is a magazine containing a lot of fascinating as well as enthralling stuffs, for people of all ages. It is a multifaceted magazine, having topics ranging from technology to music, from inspirational stories to news about important happenings in the prevailing month, from information on useful apps to cykopedia, and a lot more to attract people towards it. This magazine is intended to provide information and knowledge, dealing with the different aspects of life. It`s an initiative to bring to the readers, a unique reading experience, like never before!

The smart shop called “Sagheera” is intended to provide an all new experience of online buying and selling. It’s a complete market place for every item that could ever be bought or sold. It has a whole range of items, including smart phones, cameras, electronics & home appliances, flats, rooms on rent, games, cars and motorcycles, furniture, clothes, and millions of such other items. It’s a collection of some of the most useful features, like instant and effortless posting of ads, trouble-free searching and browsing, customizing classified Ads, etc., to name a few. And the best thing about this smart shop is that all its services are absolutely free of cost.

With the above dreams in mind, the organization is striving hard to fulfill them; and make its position unique and prominent, in today’s competitive scenario.


mission:-

With the above dreams in mind, the organization is striving hard to fulfill them; and make its position unique and prominent, in today’s competitive scenario.






about ae talks:-

Inspirational talks from experts belonging to different fields, from Science & Technology to Arts, from Entertainment to Entrepreneurship and lots more, This is "AE TALKS"

AE stands for "Anything & Everything", which means it explores almost any and every subject. It is a platform where you can explore your imaginations and then act on your dreams. It would be arguably the "Oscars" for students and professionals seeking to understand the latest trends and challenges in today's competitive scenario.

about ae magazine:-

Hello friend!! We, the Cyko team, present before you the first edition of a magazine of your interest. A magazine, that contains a lot of fascinating as well as enthralling stuffs, for people of all ages. It includes topics ranging from technology to music, from inspirational stories to news about important happenings in the prevailing month, from information on useful apps to cykopedia, and a lot more to attract you towards it. We, as a team, have developed this multifaceted magazine, to bring to your service, information and knowledge, dealing with the different aspects of our lives. It’s our initiative to bring to you, a unique reading experience, like never before, a complete blend of innovative ideas emanated from different minds. So guys, kindly spare some time, and get through our work. And yeah don’t forget to give us your reviews. Your feedbacks are of immense importance to us, and would be highly appreciated and made use of, in raising the standards of our magazine as well as mitigating the short comings of the same.
So, hurry up and get going!
Happy reading folks! :)


